hello and what is going on you guys it
is mr. no sleep here from old school
runescape and welcome to a brand new
video for you all today so today after a
long week off I bring you guys loot from
1000 serac nests released into the game
July 4th 2019 this is still a relatively
new boss and I was surprised that not
many people have made loot videos on
this boss before so first things first
my gear choice
for this video I did go with a basic
full Carol's setup at first and then
shortly after that I did swap the Carol
skirt for Bandos tassets for that extra
strength bonus it did help me out much
more over time so I do recommend a
little bit of Bandos if you can't afford
it but just make sure that you bring a
Carol's top or something that's gonna be
able to deflect some magic attacks and I
will explain why later on in the video
for the weapon choice since the rack
miss is weak to crush I did go with the
abyssal bludgeon I could have used the
sight for this video but I wanted to
make sure that I would make as much
profit as possible so using a bludgeon
saved me a ton compared to what a sight
would have cost me with all the blood
runes and whatnot and the inventory
layout also changed a little bit over
time at first I thought that Sarah
Bruges would be a pretty good idea and
then I realized it just kind of cuts
down on the profit as well so I went
with 4 super restores one super combat
and then of course just anglerfish for
my food now as it goes for the rune
pouch I wouldn't say it's necessary but
I did think bringing vengeance would be
a good idea just in case I messed up on
one of the prayer switches and took some
damage at least then the Vengeance would
give back some of that damage to serac
nassif I got hit or something but again
it's not necessary to bring that it just
speeds up the kill a little bit in my
opinion now your choice of a special
attack weapon is completely up to you if
neither of your two weapons are able to
cut through webs though make sure to
bring at least a knife because there is
a lot of web state you have to cut
through in order to reach this boss room
I was just bringing tracking claws and
luckily they are pretty pointy so I was
able to cut through all the webs that
you do have to go through in order to
get back and forth when you're banking
also highly recommend an imbued heart if
you can't afford one the reason for this
as well as the carol setup is because
while you're fighting Sir Agnes there is
multiple spiders that do spawn during
the fight and some of them do use a
magic based attack which does seem to be
pretty accurate and hits you a lot so
feel free to correct me if I'm wrong but
if you
do have a higher magic level you seem to
take less damage from a magic based
attack
so therefore the imbued heart plus the
Carol stop really did come in handy when
having to deal with all those spawns and
for those of you who enjoy boss Slayer
tasks Arachna s-- is considered to be a
spider boss assigned by dura del neve
tyrell and cone are you do receive 430
Slayer XP per kill and if you are a
lower level and you're afraid that you
might die luckily for you you can always
bring a friend or a team with you since
this is a multi combat area and your
kills will definitely speed up if that's
the case another tip for faster kills
which is something that I didn't
actually do the spawn time is 30 seconds
per kill on sir agnes so after every
single kill you can just instant hop
worlds and just start right away on the
next one as soon as you finish your last
one but you might accidentally crash
someone and that can get annoying so
that hopping option is of course just
kind of up to you and how efficient you
really want to be and speaking of
efficiency if you guys are curious as to
why sometimes in these clips the
graphics may be a little bit more HD
than clips before or after it is because
I was using rune light on and off during
this video since I got so many clue
scrolls elite and hards you know rune
light was almost absolutely necessary to
do those clues much quicker than I
usually would have but towards the
halfway point of the video I just
switched back to the normal client the
way I record with Camtasia it's a little
confusing to explain I just always seem
to miss click the client itself and drag
it somewhere else and then my aspect
ratio gets all messed up and this
actually ended up being like a 52 clip
video just because I kept messing up so
many different Clips so yeah don't mind
me I will try to master it eventually
but nevertheless I do hope you guys
notice the difference in this video and
two side notes that are worth mentioning
is the first 500 kills were all live
streams on Twitch so don't mind these
gods sword clips this guy good friend of
mine just wanted to do a giveaway for my
stream just figured it'd be a neat
little clip in the video and the other
side note being that I did actually get
an XP milestone which I rarely do get in
this loot series and that of course
being 100 million strength xp pretty
much all gathered from Peavy aiming and
a little bit of nightmare zoning through
the years yeah we are officially halfway
towards our first ever 200 mil on this
account whether it'll be strength range
or HP I'm not too sure which will be
first but it was fitting to get that
just around 2
hundred a--casey overall and also a fun
fact pretty sad fact actually I did
start this video at five Casey and I
actually ended it at 1000 Casey you see
that's the problem when you have a bad
memory and you take too long on a loot
video you forget things like that so
yeah when you guys get to the very end
of the video and you see that I ended it
at a thousand kills I guess you could
technically say that was 995 Casey
but don't worry don't worry I did kill
five more and didn't really make much of
a difference so there's kind of a
spoiler alert there that you know not
every video can be a hundred percent
perfect I do have my flaws so getting
back on track here you know there is a
decent amount of people that do kill
this boss I did see a lot of iron men
and a lot of lower levels around the
combats of eighty to a hundred so you
don't have to be maxed or have high
budget gear especially when I saw people
bringing anything from like a leaf
bladed battle axe to a cudgel to an
elder maul godsword really so many
different weapons that you can use here
no matter what your budget is since her
weakness is crushed really gives you a
lot more options than usual bosses do
and I just want to give another
shout-out to a rune light you know this
was the very first puzzle box that I did
on the rune light client and I do
believe that this puzzle box took me
less than eight seconds usually it would
take me anywhere from I'd say three to
six minutes so yeah it's really
remarkable so the drop table of this
boss is definitely interesting as I'm
sure you've seen by now it was getting
tons of Clue Scrolls with the rate of
the hard clue being one in 40 in the
rate of the elite being one in 60 I did
do every single elite that I got and I
almost did every single heart as well
but I did fall a little short on the
hard clues just because this video is
taking so long to do I think I just
ended up matching the elites and the
hearts and I ended up getting 11 heart
caskets and 11 elite caskets so
nevertheless at least we get a nice
comparison from both of those casket
tears and other than the cool scrolls
you can expect a lot of gems luckily
they are noted as well as a lot of ores
a little bit of seeds great amount of
coins anywhere from 17 to 25 K can't
forget about the high tier runes and
nice alcohols that do add up for example
the rune plate body the rune two-hander
noted battle stabs which is really good
for iron men accounts as well and the
rare drop table is pretty interesting I
mean the valuable rares would definitely
be the serac 'no skull with a drop rate
of one in 384 and occur in
grand exchange price of one point seven
mil is the most expensive thing that you
can get from this boss as of right now
and a fun fact about the cudgel is that
it's actually going for much more than
one point seven mil this is because of
yesterday's new update featuring at the
nightmare boss that boss is actually
also weak to crush so the cudgels
apparently used for that boss as well
which made the price just skyrocket so
it looks like I chose a pretty good time
to make this serac nice video and for
those wondering when loot from 1090 hate
to break it to you guys but I got to go
charge 25 thousand glories and then
plant 100 thousand mithril seeds and
then I plan on doing 1000 corporal
beasts so I get back to you like a month
but yeah don't worry that video will
happen over time we got all the time in
the world after all other rares though
including the jar of eyes which is one
in 2000 does have a price of about 1
million and of course the main rare of
them all the main goal for this video
would be the sriracha also known as the
pet which is 1 in 3,000 now ironically
the very first loot video in this series
was actually loot from 1000 vin in Addis
which is the only other spider boss in
the game and of course it can be found
in the wilderness the drop table on that
spider is so much more profitable than
this one and unfortunately in that video
I did not get the spider pet that I
wanted so I am hoping in this video I
can redeem myself and finally get a
spider pet in my name but we will see no
luck yet
and speaking of luck though the tables
did turn with our very first rare drop a
Sir Agnes cudgel and again if I am
mispronouncing any of these words I
really do apologize I know that can get
annoying but yeah 673 kills and and as I
mentioned before this was much more than
1 point 7 mil luckily I did record
selling it so you guys will see the
actual number that I did get for it yeah
nonetheless it was a pretty cool drop to
get especially seeing it on the ground
for the first time and some other facts
about Sir Agnes in general you know it
is the mother of the temple spiders
which you guys will actually be seeing
loot from 3,000 temple spiders in just a
few days from now and of course the
temple spiders and Sir Agnes herself all
can be found in the fourth dose dungeon
and Sir Agnes specifically can be found
in the former burial tomb south of the
Spider Den and if you do happen to
accidentally leave the lair while
killing Sir Agnes she will rejuvenate
all of her health so make sure not to do
that
there is one really cool drop that I did
like on this drop table and that is the
jaw
an egg sack this giant egg sack is one
in 20 and it is valued at 27 K in the G
but actually sells for 84 K the reason
it sells for 84 K's because luckily this
sack holds 100 red spider eggs and since
these spider eggs are used to make super
restores they are a pretty good drop to
get especially for ironmen accounts and
the reason that I didn't touch too much
on the grubby key drop is because I am
actually working on a video in the far
future just about grubby keys so you
guys will hear a lot about those in the
future and after a long three weeks here
we are loot from 1000 sir agnes has been
completed or at least so I had thought
again I have to kill five more but don't
mind that we didn't get the pet or
anything and those five kills kind of a
spoiler I think we made like a hundred
and six K between those five kills so
once we sell all these items on the
grand exchange because the price check
is one number and the grand exchange
price is a different number we're just
gonna add an additional 106 K and that
will give us the exact number all right
so let's get this started enough
rambling so we have all of the runes the
ORS the gems all the alcohols and as
well as 13 crystal keys over 1000 red
dragon hides very first price check
coming out to be just about 23.8 mill we
will go ahead and round up to 23.9 now
we have the second price check you can't
expect just over 1 million coins from
1000 serac nests at least and this was
the seeds as well as the herbs all these
items coming out to be just about 8.2
mill so just based on the price check
numbers we are looking at a total of 32
point 1 million and at this point I did
decide to go sell everything in the
grant exchange to see just how much I
made exactly and I did decide to keep
all the pages that I did receive from
the spider they are valued at just about
1k each you can trade them in and I
think I'm just gonna keep those for now
you know I was collecting them from the
undead druid video so we'll see what I
do with those in the future so as you
can see the giant egg sac although
valued at 27 K it does sell for 86 K a
piece so that is a really good drop that
you can expect to get here and a cudgel
although I put it in for 1.5 mil did
sell for 3.7 mil that was much higher
than I expected and again I do think
this is just because of the update
yesterday just had good timing
I guess so that was a nice improvement
on the price check you know I was doing
a giveaway for you guys if you checked
out my latest YouTube post I was in
Walmart one day I go there quite a bit
I was bored so I bought a 3-month
runescape membership cards so I figured
whoever was the closest to guess the
exact number that I made from all of
these 1000 serac nough skills I would
just give you that membership card and
over 2,000 people did post their guesses
and you know obviously that's why I had
to kill those extra five to make sure I
get the exact number now this number
does not include the losses that we did
take on supplies which was just about
eleven point nine mil rounded up to
about twelve mil and it didn't include
the loot that we got from the clue
Scrolls as well this was just the serac
no suit so before we open up the clues
if you guess thirty-six million five
hundred and sixty six thousand three
hundred and eleven or something close to
it and congratulations you have won we
will get to that in just one second
opening all these hard clues you know
haven't really seen too many rewards
above 100k always slacking on the clues
scrolls I tell you one of these days one
of these videos we will get Third Age
but it looks like we got absolutely
nothing from the hard clues so now let's
go ahead and open eleven elite clue
Scrolls see what we can get from that
looks like every reward so far has been
over one hundred and forty K so at least
we're getting something consistent did
also get a master clue but I'm gonna
hold that for my loot from one hundred
masters which you guys will hopefully
see in the future far future I did
actually get a mimic chests as well
which is the second time that I've
gotten this on this account and I was
rewarded with unfortunately no third H
but an extra six hundred death runes
that really helped out that clue and
looking at all of the other caskets you
know I did manage to get a Ranger's
tunic leg which was like six hundred K
as well as a fancy red hat which was
about two hundred and fifty K definitely
made just about three mil total from all
those clues scrolls that we did open so
that wasn't too bad I mean that will
obviously help kind of take care of the
supply costs at least a little bit so
thirty six point five mil in serac nice
loot another three to four mil and clue
scroll loot and twelve mil spent on
supplies overall averaging just about
thirty five to forty kills per hour not
sure this is the most profitable boss in
the world especially depending on what
weapon you use but it is pretty simple
it does come with a pet
and it's different so needless to say I
did enjoy this at times not the whole
time but at some times and now it is
time to see if anyone guessed close to
the overall number thirty-six point five
million let's go check out the comments
section alright so I had a fast-forward
this next part cuz 2600 comments was
quite a bit but thanks to ctrl F I can
tell you guys that there were six people
who were close
Ryan V Travis Ben justin Kim we dem boys
are K and the wolf you guys were all
pretty close you all guessed around
thirty six point five mil closest one
who actually got it was a guy named
Travis Ben he guessed just about five
point eight K away and the person who
was in second was the wolf who guessed 6
K away so the winner of the three months
of membership is Travis Ben
congratulations you will be contacted
shortly and yeah guys I really do
appreciate you watching the video I'll
see if I can't do that more in the
future with some different price checks
but until next time guys thank you so
much for your continued support I will
see you in a few days with the new
upload until then mr. no sleep out